So where do you think you're gonna be in five or 10 years? Okay, it's
a It's an interesting question. What are you as divisional officer?
Where you gonna be? His department head. Where you gonna be? His next?
That's You have to be willing to travel to the job. This is an old
saying. If you're ready to travel and the ship major squadron, agent
job, major, then detailers will move you to a ship to shore command
that needs you. So how do you plan that career? First, you do the
best that you can in your current job. Try to get the best fit. You
can try to get that that no one off ex assigned to the ship's crew
and move on to the next ship to the next job that you wanted to. Now
you want to. So, for instance, right now, in my time way changed out
from the P 3 to 8. And there were a lot of pilots that were trying
to qualify for the P eight so they would go ahead and get tours that
would send them two squadrons with Ph. If you went to a squadron that
didn't have a P eight and you were kind of, you know, telegraphing
detail, that you were terminal and you were not going to make a transition.
Well, this is the thing that it requires you Joo to think
about your next career. Where do you want to go on the submarine side?
Do you want to stay in? The boomers will just keep on doing boomers.
Ballistic? Yes, est bien the ballistic missile tours or no, I want
to do a fast attack. I walk fast attacks, and we want to stay with
fast attacks. Those are completely different mission sets between
the boomers and the fast attacks. Whoever stay out and do the ballistic
missions and protection of the nation. Fast attacks are out looking
A S w looking for other submarines defending the carriers, etcetera,
etcetera. So it requires 44 on you. What do you want to do with
your career? And then one of the things you want to do is while you're
on your tour president who are doing a great job, you want to go
ahead and find out as much information as you can. All right? Since
you want to go ahead and talkto a goober. Skipper, If you're fast
that you're on a fast attack or if you're on a jewelry, then talk fast
attack and vice versa. So one of the things is when you do come in
from being out at sea. Hey, there's a tendency to goto four. Go to
the four winds. And you know what? You really want to try to go to
some of the command functions and try to go and see. Talk about Hey,
what is that? What is that squadron doing? What is that shit? Do it.
Where? What? What is that? And that frigates And that, Um do A L.
C. S ships coming out. You want to find out as much so they can tell
you and shape where you'd like to go with you.